the American colonies were late now
again I washer ring me feeling like I
owe you something real quick I am at
least earn nice he said I was on CNN oh
my gosh like hooves CNN comedy credit
maybe that's not impressive to you but
if a middle eastern guy you don't CNN
without blowing anything up I'm pretty
impressive as Emily Starr early from
Egypt Egypt and Africa so taking that
makes me african-american for you ladies
on African from the waist down
about any light at least your night
until now I was in the least remain
first name Sharif flaccid you look
confused and put to ours what everybody
hates the nation right now because
what's going on with a war and all that
and that's not the true reason there's a
trip to Middle Eastern people Americans
the real reasons television seem early
the Middle East yeah it shows on TV the
main American people look bad she was
like cops Jerry Springer you guys not
shows here in the states that make us as
Middle Eastern people look bad shows
like the news
he's never seen lazem portrayal of the
least reverse all the news do they
usually goes up like 10 hills that sound
I did not think of any reason to use
that south in this country so I got
caught in traffic on 275 I wrote my wig
all like clothing let's go right out of
my way
our son else I'm not also Muslim thanks
me you guys overall ordered a where my
hand Lisa as you know the hapless and
Muslims are very similar in our
practices sea fossils like the blow
things up and Catholics like the blow
things like the voice
your presence here's my impression of a
Middle Eastern aerobics class
I'm sorry but I also single and Middle
Eastern and demand got my girl back your
size this thing called role play you
guys ever tried as role-playing thing
with your boys cuz we were like that are
freaks you wanted to dress up like a
french maid and when I can't hold leave
my bike stronger Oh baby person you know
I said no way in hell and why did she
give you our first woman do right when
an attic please I don't know now I'm
getting some way too hot girl in it but
she can eggy so why don't you get home
from work when they bought get done with
her friend so what the hell you don't I
said I'm role play I'm pretending she's
you
okay so I we were hey i'm wearing my
camel jockeys I didn't say over like
five months now you know and she quits
did she get quick home she's gone up
every day she's like I can't go to work
I can't go to school hey get off my
brand and and and like what you want
hairless you want her car back how many
the payments of mine keep another
problem I have a dating is what a thing
that I'm real traditional towards being
the lease term everything and this girl
I didn't she has to illustrate she said
you know if we date do I have to walk 10
feet behind you come i know this is 2003
i want you to walk ahead of me besides
thank you at least we have a lot of land
lines
sometimes ladies you gotta take one for
the team but yeah well I think I've on
stage to kind of talk about racism
everything all right applause I don't
think we need in racism right now cuz
here's the deal i was going to Los
Angeles last month and I'm hurrying up
to the airport shut up already up here
where grab some food get up to Jimmy
Carter lady looks line didn't go shariq
huh like yep Middle Eastern ah good call
secondly be creating loaded weapons on
airplane today so i just ate white
castle i am a loaded weapon I'm gonna go
to the bathroom when I'm loaded
you see those sensors in the bathroom
the airport they're like electronic
sensors they always possible or you know
what you're doing and you're about to
sit down and then the cold water itch
cream love I was bagging I'm sorry I
just had a bad experience at the airport
but then I got on the airplane and be a
Middle Eastern first thing everybody
knows when I get on the airplane is
therapy wait for me to screw over be
something wrong right while the Mexican
guys under the plane read the wheels off
then he roams about so some of the black
guys reasons that have 64 cessfully six
seems a really big wheels